Thanks in advance for your participation, here below are the instructions of how the program works:

In this survey you will be presented 20 random samples out of 201 possible samples. 

For each sample you will see 4 feature discriminancy maps images computed using Fisher's score method over PSDs of single runs
In particular, the 4 images represent the 4 equal windows in which the continuos feedback period was divided for understanding the evolution 
of the discriminancy of the features over the course of the continuous feedback period

Additionally, an interactive grid is shown.
You will use it to select the features that you consider important (show either emergence or stability)
for the creation of a classifier for the specific sample.
Every cell of the grid correspond to a given pair Channel-Frequency feature for the discrimination of the Both Hands vs. Both Feet motor imagery

The application also has a grid that let you select, just by clicking the corresponding square, the channels for which you want to visualize
the ERD/ERS spectrogram average across trials for both of the considered tasks.
To finally visualize the images after having selected the desired channels, simply click the button below the channel grid.

In order to confirm the selection of the cells for the given sample you will need to press the enter key.
After the enter key is pressed, the choices are saved automatically in the "final_results.txt" file
that will be located in the same folder of the python script you are executing.
Once you confirm your choices, a new sample will be loaded and displayed in order to be evaluated

After the last sample of the 20 presented is evaluated, the program will close automatically.
IMPORTANT: the program can be manually closed before all the 20 samples have been analyzed since 
every time a sample is analyzed and the enter key is pressed, the program automatically saves the choices for that sample.

The survey can be taken as many time as ones wants since all the choices will be stored in the same .txt file without deleting previous results.
Additionally, the program keeps track of the already seen samples in order to not present them anymore in future executions of the program.
If you want to have the possibility to analyze again already seen samples, simply delete the "already_done.txt" file in the program folder 

For any other information, please refer to the GitHub page where you downloaded this program.

For starting the survey, PRESS THE ENTER KEY 